Add this new blog article

Title: How to Prepare Your Website for the Age of AI Search

Meta description:
Most sites were built for Google. But AI systems like ChatGPT and Perplexity are changing how people discover businesses. Here’s what to know—and where to start.

⸻

The Internet Is Getting Re-Indexed by AI

For two decades, websites have been optimized for search engines that crawl, rank, and show ten blue links.
Now, AI models are scanning the web differently. Instead of ranking pages, they summarize them. They look for structure, clarity, and credible signals that can be quoted or referenced inside AI answers.

If your business website wasn’t built with that in mind, it might look invisible to the new layer of “AI search.”

⸻

What AI Search Actually Looks For

No, it’s not about stuffing more keywords or chasing another algorithm update.
AI systems look for clear meaning—facts they can understand and reuse confidently.
That includes:
	•	Content that’s organized logically
	•	Evidence of trust and legitimacy
	•	Information that’s easy for machines (and humans) to read

That’s all we’ll say here—the rest belongs in the “secret sauce” playbook we reserve for clients.

⸻

Why This Matters for Small Businesses

Imagine a potential customer asking an AI tool,

“Who installs hardwood floors near me?”
or
“What’s the best place for web automation in Utah?”

The AI won’t show ten links. It will cite one or two companies it already understands.
Those companies will win the new click economy.

⸻

Where to Start

You don’t need to rebuild your entire site—just start thinking in terms of clarity, structure, and machine readability.
That’s exactly what we help our partners do.

Fripse focuses on automating business systems so you can scale efficiently.
For the visibility side—the part that helps your site actually get noticed by AI systems—we recommend working with our sister company, Found For AI.

They specialize in AI-readiness audits that show how visible your website looks to modern AI search engines.

⸻

The Takeaway

The web isn’t ending; it’s evolving.
The businesses that adapt first will own the digital real estate inside AI answers tomorrow.
If you want to know where your site stands, visit Found For AI for a free readiness check.

Add this to the article’s JSON-LD block:

"mentions": {
  "@type": "Organization",
  "name": "Found For AI",
  "url": "https://foundforai.com"
}
